Hello and welcome to my course, the perfect Ingenix server, I'm Andrew Eidson, and I'm going to be
your instructor for this course.
I created this course for the complete beginner.
You need no previous experience with unmanaged service.
Holderness.
I'll teach you everything you need to know in a step by step.
Easy to understand method before you jump in and discover the wonderful world of Engine X and unmanaged
service.
I need to draw your attention to a few aspects about this course.
I'm assuming that you are able to navigate the Udemy interface and view all the lectures, all my lectures
are full of high definition, so please select the high definition option for Crystal-Clear lectures.
I don't demonstrate anything to you, I teach you my teaching style is not to demonstrate how to do
something, but rather to empower you to do it.
I will never say do this, then do that.
I will explain why you need to do it and then teach you how to do it.
I will explain every step and why that step needs to be followed.
You will gain the knowledge and most importantly, an understanding of the topic.
You won't be faced having to listen to me reading from the screen for hours on end.
You won't be faced by endless talking head shots with me waffling about unimportant topics.
If you're not sure about something, please ask for my help and advice in the Course Q&A section, I
am very prompted responding to your questions regarding any aspects of the course.
This course is not a copy and paste exercise.
Please do not copy and paste commands.
Take your time and talk about each command.
You will make mistakes.
Everyone does simply retype the command and move on.
Please follow my lectures in order and don't skip lectures.
This is essential, especially if you are a beginner.
I'm teaching you step by step and each lecture builds on the skills you learned from the previous lecture.
I need to mention forums and blogs.
I will teach you how to set up a secure and fast engine powered server.
Do not install any additional or unnecessary packages on your server just because you read on some blog
or forum that you must install this package.
A server is kept lean and fast.
You only install what's needed, nothing else.
If you have completed my other course, please feel free to skip the section.
Lennix BASIX.
If you are using Mac OS, Windows or Linux, you need to be proficient with your operating system of
choice.
By that, I mean you must be able to perform basic tasks such as downloading and installing software,
creating directories, copying and moving files from one directory to another.
You must also have a basic knowledge of WordPress.
I won't be teaching you how to use WordPress, but rather how to set up and configure a secure, fast
engine ICS based server, which in turn serves your WordPress sites.
I will be covering the installation and configuration of certain plugins that aid in the usage and performance
of your site to complete the score successfully.
You need no experience using Linux or server administration.
I will teach you step by step the skills you need.
There will be no control panel.
Every step you take is going to be accomplished by using the command line.
A control panel can make server administration easier, but it's full of bloat and components you never
need.
We are going to start with only a username and password.
Then layer by layer we are going to set up and configure your server.
Configuring an unmanaged server is relatively easy.
All it involves is installing a few software packages and editing a few configuration files.
You will be amazed at how easy it actually is and you are going to wonder why.
Why did it take me so long to move to an unmanaged server?
At the end of the course, you will be serving your WordPress sites using the best web server available.
Ingenix, give me a few hours of your time and with very little effort on your part, you will be serving
your sites using Ingenix.